What is the year?
In order to see the world change we –
We, must be the change we wish to see
We are the things that dreams are made of
“Remember darling, there is no good and bad, just good and gooder”
The day proved to be a mixed blessing, I missed mommy.
But I came home, hero of the hour
“Are we living now or what darling?”
For the next 6 years, no mortal had harmed me.
Necesito mas tiempo, por fravor.

What is the month?
Then the killings began
Disease, warfare and brutal treatment
I can’t hold on to me…wonder what’s wrong with me?
And the fires just kept spreading
Then I realized…say what you want and be who you are
The people who mind don’t matter and the people who matter don’t mind
And always be sure to laugh at yourself, nothing is more entertaining
After all, bravery is the soul of wit, right daddy?
Necesito mas tiempo, por fravor

What is the week?
I feared loneliness, feared madness
How extraordinarily drool some of it was
Old ways were abandoned for new successes
Vanity produced by the weak minded caused every kind of mischief
A different kind of revolution transformed us
True friends stepped forward, false friends faded away 
And we lead a nation of greatness
Just like you promised daddy
Necesito mas tiempo, por fravor

What is the day?
With a new moon comes a changing tide
It seemed unthinkable for me to leave this world
If there be sorrow, we let it be
There was always something unsettling about our eyes
We got by using each other
Then, in sadness, parted
Making our own ways into the world
They’ll still be there when I come back
Necesito mas tiempo, por fravor

What is the time?
Every day an open door
So much to experience
Only 100 years to live it all
There was nothing you could make that can’t be made
Everyone could change the world
Few diverged that path
But…
We always remembered everyone who made an impact in our lives, good or bad
Necesito mas tiempo, por fravor

What is the hour?
A rose by any other name still smells as sweet
But somehow, I felt sweeter with his name
His eyes brimmed with unselfish, undemanding love
Oh, I am fortunes fool
But this feels so right
Let her laugh at me
The best part, is when he sings me the lyrics
“I love you”
Necesito mas tiempo, por fravor

What is the minute?
The pain was temporary, pride forever
We went through our troubles with a smile
Knowing each frustration would soon be a cherished memory
Their laughter kept me sane
Their smiles made it all worth it
And I still have him kissing my forehead every morning
I got life, mother
Life I wouldn’t trade for anything
Necesito mas tiempo, por fravor…

What is the second?
A second without you is something I never wanted to experience
In the deepest part of my heart, I knew I would someday
All of my memories keep you near
In silent moments, imagine you’d be here
You told me once, never mourn you’re death, for you are watching me from above
And it would only break your hearts
Mother…mommy…Father…daddy
Thank you for giving me life
I love you…

I guess it’s time for me to take my leave, but my darling…remember one thing
Do not stand at my grave and weep
I did not die
I do not sleep
I am the wind that blows through your hair
As I watch you, taking care
Of you’re children throughout the night
I am the one, gifted with flight
I was the tree you always climbed
To leave all your troubles far behind
I am the sunlight through gentle rain
I am the golden shimmer on grain
When the music stops in the evening hush
I am the soft and quiet rush
Of the wind whispering in your ear
“I’ll always love you, never fear”
So do not stand at my grave and cry
I am not there
I’ll never die
Necesito mas tiempo, por frav